OSDOCS CQA AUTH-4 Service Accounts and Cloud Credential Operator I (#115126)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/manually-rotating-cloud-creds.adoc

Reviewer: Should snip this out for DITA compliance - I don't think Vale checks it but it's the same issue with not having a lead-in in the .Proc section
```suggestion
```

Author: Good catch. The Vale check didn't call it out, so I didn't notice!

* {gcp-short}: `GCPProviderSpec`
--
+

> The following example is partial output for the command in for AWS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example is partial output for the command on an {aws-short} cluster:
```
